why did you bring me here cause there is
no one here let's do it do what you know
that thing we said we would do anytime
no one was watching us sorry I don't
swing that way
what if not gay no you idiot
I meant let's practice that song we made
oh okay by the way what did you think I
meant trust me you really don't want to
know okay
I don't know how what's so funny your
pink why are you being racist haha I'm
only paying cars you now if you're gonna
get all racist then fuck off sorry I'm
not being racist or anything I'm just
wondering why your pink yet a man voice
it's a bit weird what's wrong with being
pink and having a man voice ha ha ha ha
ha ha that's it and going home wait
don't go it's just that one of my mates
told me that you're some extra sexual
pink ass cocksucking hey I get the point
but answer me this question if one of
your mates told you that about a month
ago I fucked your mom so harder pussy
started bleeding would you believe that
yeah whew I guess him of the hook see ya
later wait what do you mean ear of a
hook believe it or not a few weeks ago
when it was your birthday everyone had a
lot to drink so things got a bit out of
control what what happened it's a long
story but to cut it short me and your
mom got locked up in your closet because
of a silly bear then one thing lead to
another and well you know what happens
next
so you brought me out here just so you
could tell me you fuck my yes anyways
now that you know I guess we can't be
friends anymore too bad
oh well by the way eight months from now
you'll be getting a big present from
your mom just wanted to let you know
you're wrong about what the baby I mean
the present you'll be getting eight
months from now nope about us not being
able to be friends oh really cause a
done your mom good
even though you had sex with my mum I
can't get angry with you cause I had sex
with your sister
your mum your aunt your cousin's your
ex-girlfriends and your girlfriend boys
your girlfriend Goulet when she in bed
well I had sex with your wife
what nothing you know what let's forget
this whole I had sex with your mom or
sister thing yeah okay I didn't do it
look it's quite obvious that it wasn't
me well what did you eat last stop when
was the last time you all gone but I
thought you said it wasn't you it will
scent but you just said never mind
made by Dragonball GE
special thanks to Pigman 3:12 for
inspiring me to make this
the end